He wouldn't even give a chance to stand by his side
I will let how I have the courage to walk up to him
Luo girl, don't look at what he said
It depends on what he does with his heart
I don't want you both to be afraid.
Stand next to each other
When we left
With a smile
You look happy.
I think he went to see his uncle
It doesn't matter.
fall
I wish you happiness.
Come in and out of Luoluo's studio was officially established
Cheers.
All right.
Now is the time to hire for your studio
I'm so busy to ask me out for dinner
I'm afraid I'm still sad because of grandma eating
You need seconds.
Don't worry, it's alright.
Everything will pass
OK
Come, come, cheers